Create github-sponsorship.md (#409)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/contributors/github-sponsorship.md

# Mattermost GitHub Sponsorship
At Mattermost, we would like to empower our key contributors and sponsor them for 1 year. This is not a financial reward, but mostly a recognition.
With [GitHub Sponsors](https://docs.github.com/en/github/supporting-the-open-source-community-with-github-sponsors/about-github-sponsors#about-github-sponsors) allowing the developer community to financially support the people and organizations who design, build, and maintain the open source projects they depend on, directly on GitHub, we can now launch this new Community Program.
## Who is Eligible?

> _Mattermost Github sponsorship_ is always on the table for [MVP](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/mvp/) (“Most Valued Professional”) type people in any of the [available regions](https://github.com/sponsors) supported by GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Mattermost GitHub sponsorship_ is always on the table for [MVP](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/mvp/) (“Most Valued Professional”) type people in any of the [available regions](https://github.com/sponsors) supported by GitHub.
```

## Process Outline

> 1. A Mattermost staff member recommends someone for sponsorship and writes a short motivation to support their recommendation.

Author: 1. A Mattermost staff member recommends someone for sponsorship and writes a short motivation to support their recommendation. This should be address to direct manager and keep Jason Blais in the loop.

> 1. A Mattermost staff member recommends someone for sponsorship and writes a short motivation to support their recommendation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A Mattermost staff member recommends someone for sponsorship and writes a short motivation to support their recommendation. This should be addressed to their direct manager as well as Jason Blais.
```

> 2. [MLT](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#mlt) exec member approves the recommendation.

Author: 2. [MLT](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#mlt) exec member approves the recommendation and notifies Jason Blais.

> 2. [MLT](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#mlt) exec member approves the recommendation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [MLT](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#mlt) exec member approves the recommendation and notifies Jason Blais (@jasonblais).
```

> 3. The request is sent to the Finance team.

Author: 3. The request is sent to the Finance team by Jason Blais.

> 3. The request is sent to the Finance team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The request is sent to the Finance team by Jason Blais.
```

> 4. An email is sent to the potential sponsor letting them know about the next steps in the process.

Author: 4. Jason Balis reach the potential sponsor letting them know about the next steps in the process.

> 4. An email is sent to the potential sponsor letting them know about the next steps in the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Jason Blais sends the potential sponsor an email letting them know about the next steps in the process.
```

> # Mattermost Github sponsorship

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Mattermost GitHub Sponsorship
```

At Mattermost, we would like to empower our key contributors and sponsor them for 1 year. This is not a financial reward, but mostly a recognition.

> With [GitHub Sponsors](https://docs.github.com/en/github/supporting-the-open-source-community-with-github-sponsors/about-github-sponsors#about-github-sponsors)  allowing the developer community to financially support the people and organizations who design, build, and maintain the open source projects they depend on, directly on GitHub, we can now launch this new Community Program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [GitHub Sponsors](https://docs.github.com/en/github/supporting-the-open-source-community-with-github-sponsors/about-github-sponsors#about-github-sponsors) allowing the developer community to financially support the people and organizations who design, build, and maintain the open source projects they depend on, directly on GitHub, we can now launch this new Community Program.
```

> ## Who is eligible?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Who is Eligible?
```

> _Mattermost Github sponsorship_ is always on the table for [MVP](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/mvp/) (“Most Valued Professional”) type people in any of the [available regions](https://github.com/sponsors) supported by Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Mattermost Github sponsorship_ is always on the table for [MVP](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/mvp/) (“Most Valued Professional”) type people in any of the [available regions](https://github.com/sponsors) supported by GitHub.
```

> ## Process outline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Process Outline
```

> 1. MM staff member recommends someone for sponsorship and writes 1-2 sentences about why.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A Mattermost staff member recommends someone for sponsorship and writes a short motivation to support their recommendation.
```

> 2. [MLT](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#mlt) exec approves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [MLT](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#mlt) exec member approves the recommendation.
```

> 3. Request sent to finance team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The request is sent to the Finance team.
```

> 4. Email sent to potential sponsor telling them what to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. An email is sent to the potential sponsor letting them know about the next steps in the process.
```

Reviewer: If "sponsor" is the person being sponsored then I recommend rewording to:
"An email is sent to the contributor letting them know about the sponsorship and the next steps in the process."

> Note: Continued sponsorship will be evaluated quarterly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Continued sponsorship will be evaluated quarterly.
```
